Fix syntax highlighting in Reloading certificates of tls-registry-reference guide (#47506)
quarkusio/quarkus: docs/src/main/asciidoc/tls-registry-reference.adoc

The recommended approach for informing clients and servers about the certificate reload is to fire a CDI event of type `io.quarkus.tls.CertificateUpdatedEvent`.
To do so, inject a CDI event of this type and fire it when a reload occurs.

> .Manually triggering a reload and firing a `CertificateUpdatedEvent`:

Reviewer: I'm not sure about that. The others in this doc also have a `.<space>` but they have an additional line with a `+`. 

That's why I asked for @MichalMaler's review as I'm not really familiar with this syntax.

Author: +1 to double check with Michal, both options work.

Reviewer 2: @rsvoboda @gsmet let me have a look. One sec

Reviewer 2: Well, yeah, it was my fault that I set it as a procedural step when it should have been something closer to an example description (and used the "dot without the space").
To tune it even more,  I would be for one of these two description sentences:

1).An example of manually reloading a TLS configuration and notifying components by firing a `CertificateUpdatedEvent` and reacting to it:

2).An example of reloading a TLS configuration and reacting to a `CertificateUpdatedEvent`:

3) Or you can go with your fix if you like it more .)

PS:
.[word] -> this is a description used for examples and code snippets
. [word] -> is a numbered procedural step.
`+` is used to create alignment between asciidoc elements, for example, when you want to add some examples int procedural steps but keep the step numbering unchanged.

> .Manually triggering a reload and firing a `CertificateUpdatedEvent`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.An example of manually reloading a TLS configuration and notifying components by firing a `CertificateUpdatedEvent` and reacting to it:
```
